README.md, before:

# **What's BlastShell?**
BlastShell is an interactive command line interface developed not only to solve complex mathematical problems, but also to perform everyday tasks with ease.
 
### **_License_**
Copyright (c) Anindya Shiddhartha. Licensed under MIT License. For more information, please read the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

### **_Installation Instructions_**

**For Windows users:**

 If only running the source code:
 1. Download BlastShell from [here](https://github.com/shiddharth/BlastShell/archive/master.zip) and then extract it in a folder.
 2. Download Python 3 from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads) and install it.
 3. Download FFmpeg from [here](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html) and install it.
 4. Run **install_missing_modules.py** from the **'Source Code'** folder and wait for the process to complete!
 5. Finally, double-click on **main-cross-platform.py** and enjoy!

 Or, if running the Windows executable (BlastShell.exe) file:
 1. Download BlastShell from [here](https://github.com/shiddharth/BlastShell/archive/master.zip) and then extract it in a folder.
 2. Download FFmpeg from [here](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html) and install it.
 3. Open the folder that you've just extracted, and then go to the **'Windows Executable (.exe)'** folder.
 4. Double-click on **'BlastShell.exe'** and enjoy!

**For Linux users:**
 1. Open up your terminal and type 'sudo apt-get update' to update repositories.
 2. Run 'sudo apt-get install git' if you haven't installed Git yet.
 3. Run 'sudo apt install ffmpeg' to install FFmpeg, because it's a dependency of the program.
 4. Run 'sudo apt-get install python3' to install Python 3.
 5. Run 'git clone https://github.com/shiddharth/BlastShell.git' to download BlastShell.
 6. Go to the cloned folder and open a terminal window in the **'Source Code'** folder.
 7. Run 'python3 install-missing-modules.py' to ensure that all the required libraries are installed.
 8. Finally, run 'python3 main-cross-platform.py' to run BlastShell!


That's it! You're ready to run BlastShell in any format!

Commit message:

(1.11) Modified files for next release.

README.md, after:

# **What's BlastShell?**
BlastShell is an interactive command line interface developed not only to solve complex mathematical problems, but also to perform everyday tasks with ease.
<br><br>

### **_License_**
Copyright (c) Anindya Shiddhartha. Licensed under MIT License. For more information, please read the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
<br><br>

### **_Installation Instructions_**

**For Windows users:**
 1. Download BlastShell from [here](https://github.com/shiddharth/BlastShell/archive/master.zip) and then extract it in a folder.
 2. Download FFmpeg from [here](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html) and install it.
 3. Go to the **Executables** folder in the extracted directory. Then run **bs-win** and enjoy!

**For Linux users:**
 1. Download BlastShell from [here](https://github.com/shiddharth/BlastShell/archive/master.zip) and then extract it in a folder.
 2. Open up a terminal window and type **sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install ffmpeg** to install FFmpeg on your desktop. After that, close it.
 3. Navigate to the extracted directory and go to the **Build Files** folder and open a terminal window there. Then type **python3 install-missing-modules.py** to install all needed Python libraries.
 4. Finally, type **python3 main.py** and enjoy!

That's it! You're ready to run BlastShell in any desired operating system.
<br><br>

### **_Contribution_**
As BlastShell is licensed under an open source license, you're free to get in to contributing
in it. Just grab your device, switch it on and hop in! The build files are already configured for you.
